Welcome to this module, let's dive into the basics of react native.
The goal of this module to make sure that you understand which core building blocks make upper native
app and how you build react native apps in general and thereafter we'll have many modules to dive deeper
into certain aspects of that.
So therefore in this module, we will have a look at the base components we can use to build a react
native app and why we need these base components and how we can build our own components.
Additionally, we'll also have a look at styling though only a brief look because there will be an entire
module on styling and so on later in this course and we will also have a look at how we can run our
application on a simulator,
so a simulator provided by Xcode which is the development environment for iOS or Android Studio which
is the same for Android as you might have guessed
and how you can also run your application on the real device.
So a lot of exciting things
and whilst these are only three boxes, we'll spend quite some time on that because react native obviously
offers a lot of functionalities
it's worth diving into here.
So with that, let's just start and let's create a new project and then explore the various features react
native offers us.